
In order to keep track of all the player's money balance, I've created an array of size 10 (max amount of players this game can hold). Then i initialized the array with balance of three dollars for the number of players that the user chooses. Then I initialized the srand() function by the user input. I created a function called rollthedice and inside it there is a while loop where if there are 2 or more players with money it would continue to play the game. Inside the while loop, it first checks if the person whose turn it is has how much money they have through the array. if they have 3 or more dollars they get to roll the die three times and if they have 2 its two dies and if they have one they roll one. The die roll is simulating using the random number generator that we have previous obtained the seed for. The random number is moduloed by 6 and depending on the number from 1-6, the person is able to pass a dollar to the left or the right or to the pot in the center or they will pass. After that person rolls their die, the number of players in the game are checked by checking the bank accounts and if there is one player left, that person wins and take the pot. If there are more than one player left, the person on the right gets to roll their die. If a player does not have money but it's their turn, they automatically pass without outputting anything. 

My function fatedie is the module 6 of the random number generated in order to simulate the dice roll. The function left and right returns the position of the player to our left and right respectively. 
